Hello everyone, welcome to Transforming
360.  Today we will do a head to head comparison and
learn about those four important products.
What is their USP and what
is their price and how
vibrant is it in itself as compared to how it is being
marketed.  So today we are going to compare
Aspire policy from Neevapa
with ICICI Labard Elevate plan vs
Meicare Select from Tata AIG and vs
Ultimate Care from Care Health
Insurance. First of all we will
understand the USP of each and then we will understand their
pricing and ultimately in my personal opinion
what are the shortcomings in those products and
which is the best among them, so we will
talk about each thing one by one.
You can watch the detailed reviews of these four by visiting the channel.
You will find the link to all four videos
in the video description and
you can also see detailed reviews of all four products.
So hi myself Dheeraj Mahajan
Founder of Transforming 360 with the vision to
create transparency in this beautiful but
the complex world of insurance so that
no one can ever sell you insurance even if they want to. I will
give you that at least vision.  So let's start quickly and first of all
we will pick up ICCL LBD
's Elevate plan which is
being marketed a lot and
is a big highlight.  So let us understand
what are the four to five USPs in this plan which
make this product very different.
So the first USP of this is
unlimited sum insured.  Because if
we look at the entire industry, this is the only
product which
gives you the option of unlimited sum insured.  After that, the
second thing which makes it unique is that the
no claim bonus in this product
goes to a very high level, whether you claim it
or not, it is 100% each year and it goes
on increasing, there is no limit.   The
third thing that makes this product more unique
is the worldwide coverage which gets
activated after 2 years, for which you will have to buy
add-on at the time of taking the policy
and in this you will get two beautiful things, you will
also get emergency cover and
you can also go abroad for plant search treatment in
which you will
get cashless facility.  The fourth thing that makes this product
more different is the
civil discount.  Yes my dear, you
heard it right.  If your CIBIL score
is positive, you can enjoy a discount on your premium ranging from 3% to around 20%.  It will
depend on
how good your civil score is.  Last but
not the least.  So the fifth thing that
makes this product a little more unique is
that you can enjoy up to
unlimited sum insured once during the entire tenure of the policy.
For
example, if your basic sum insured is ₹25 lakh
and the claim is up to ₹1 crore, then
here you will get cover up to ₹1 crore
and you will not have to pay anything extra on top of that
nor will there be any
extra premium
load on your future renewal.  So these are the five things
of the Elevate plan.  Now let us move on to the other side
about IVP's Aspire plan which is
searched by a lot of people and somewhere
it is also a favorite product for all of us
because what is seen sells.
So what are the things in the Aspire plan?  So the
first thing that makes it unique is that it is
future ready.  If you take the Future Ready
option, then your partner in the future, even
if you are an individual today, will
also be covered.  There will be no waiting period on that.  The
other thing that
makes this product unique is
maternity.  If you pay 3 years'
premium together for maternity, then you
can reduce the maternity waiting period to 9 months.  And
one good thing you will get with maternity is
new born baby cover up to some insurance.  Which
makes this product quite unique.   The
third thing that makes this product very
important and unique is that even
if you have a hospitalization of two hours,
my dear, you can enjoy the claim there also.
Whereas now if we talk about the
new guidelines of IRD, these
things are applicable to the entire industry.
Now it remains to be seen
which companies make this
available to you.  But if we talk about it,
it was started by Neeva Bhupa under
Aspire Policy.  So the fourth thing that
makes this product very unique is
Lock the Clock.  If you are young and take entry
into health insurance on time, then
your premium will remain the same
until you make a claim.
My dear, yes my dear, if you have not made a claim
then your premium will not increase.
Even if your age keeps increasing.  Fifthly, what
makes this product even more unique
and strong is that the consumable
cover covers all four necks which
is safeguard.
If you add this safeguard feature, you
get 100% cover for consumables.  Secondly,
you also get inflation protection inside it
which makes this product very
sound.  So let us
see what are the USPs of the third product,
Ultimate Care from Care Health
Insurance.  So the first thing that makes this product
unique is that if you
take a policy for three years together, my
dear, then if you have a claim in the first year itself, then
you can also avail the combined sum insured for all three years.
That means for example today your sum
insured is ₹50 lakh and you have taken a policy for 3 years
together, then that means
if a claim of ₹1.5 crore comes in the first year itself,
my dear, then if you are eligible for that claim,
meaning there is no waiting period on it, then
you can take a claim up to ₹1.5 crore.
But for the remaining two and a half years,
you will not have any sum
insured.  You have to keep this thing in mind.  The
second thing that makes this product
unique is the No Claim Bonus.
Just like Elevate, your No Claim Bonus will keep
increasing for an unlimited time.  Now,
how reliable is this feature in the long term because
ultimately, in every condition,
in every product, in every policy, in every company, there is
a condition of product modification.
Ok?  Whatever you have to rely on, it should always be
on the basic sum insured.  Be it
ICC LBRD, Tata EIG, K Health,
NIB Star Health, any company my
dear you always have to keep this thing in mind.   The
third feature that makes this product unique is
that if you do not make any claim on the policy for five years, then
in the sixth year your first year premium
without GST gets waived off.
That's the total discount you get.  So
this thing was started by Care which is being followed by
Star Health and there are many
companies which are following this pattern.  The fourth
thing that makes this product stronger than the
Neevapa Aspire is the
claim shield.  That means your
Annexure One to Three and Four, all four
consumable annexures are covered here
which gives you 100% coverage.  360
You remain secure.  The
problem of deduction in the claim gets resolved from here,
my dear.  So this value for money
is the input here.  Last but not the least
ultimate care.  Ultimate Care means its
complete inspiration has been taken
from the Elevate plan of ICICI. The good thing is
that if your sum insured is Rs. 20 lakh, 25 lakh or
50 lakh and your claim during that tenure is Rs.
1.5 crore, 2 crore, 2.5 crore,
3 crore, etc., then if
you have taken this add-on, then due to this add-on,
you can enjoy that sum insured once in your lifetime without any
extra cost either
at the point of claim and neither will
you be charged any extra premium at the time of renewal.
Now let's move on to the
last but not the least one which you were waiting for and
that is Med Select from Tata EIG.  Med
Select is finally a
gift from Tata AG which is a combination
of Medik Premier and Tata AIG has presented a product
balancing all the innovations done by many companies
and understand the beauty of this product.  The
first thing is the
professional discount.  What makes this product
most unique is the
professional discount.  Yes my dear if you
are a salaried person whether it is a government employee
or a private employee then here
you can enjoy professional discount
which is 7% which is a very good
amount you can save on your policy premium.
Secondly, Ultimate Care
means the same thing that is available in ICIC LMA Deliver,
you are getting it in Ultimate Care.  So
if any claim comes for unlimited then
you can enjoy it from here.  Even if
your submission is 10 lakh, 50 lakh, 25 lakh.
But this is a feature my dear.  So I am
repeating it again.  Do not rely on
feature.  The feature is with no future because
product modification is the right of the
insurance company.  Ok?  So your sum
insured is your long term
reality.  So that is what you have to focus on.
These are the things that will be found.  If it
happens at that time then it is very good.  If it is not there then
at least you will not feel sad and you will
not find yourself in trouble in such bad times.
So third early access.  Early
access gives you the flexibility you would get
if you buy a long term policy.
That means instead of one year, you
take a policy for 3 years at a time.  Your current sum
insured is Rs 1 crore.
Your claim comes to Rs 3 crore in the first or second year.  So,
you can enjoy your basic sum insured
in the first year as well, my
dear, which is a good thing which we are
getting in Care as well and
in many other companies as well, which is a
common feature, if you see, then almost
every company has similar features somewhere or the other.  The
fourth thing that makes this product a
little stronger is the no
claim bonus.  Snow Claim Bonus: If
you opt for this as it is an optional
rider, it keeps increasing for an unlimited time.
So the fifth thing that makes this product very
unique is no loading.  If
any first time client is
buying health insurance and has a pre-
existing history, BP, diabetes or
any other problem and the policy is accepted then no
extra loading
charge is levied on it.  Which makes this product
really a very important product for the middle class.
So let's quickly take a look at the price of all four
and whether the price is value for
money.  So let's see quickly.  First of all
we will pick Care Ultimate Care.   The
slabs we have taken for all four products are
36 to 45.  It is a family of two adults plus two
children.  We have selected Zone B
here so that
we can see a balance premium.  So
if you are taking the Ultimate Care policy and your age
falls somewhere between 36 to 45, then
approximately the premium you have to pay for ₹25 lakh
is ₹274.
For ₹50 lakh, you will have to pay a premium of ₹29,954
and for ₹1 crore,
you will have to pay ₹35,656 and on the other hand, if you are
taking Aspire Niba Titanium variant and if you are
opting for ₹50 lakh
policy, then you will have to pay a premium of
₹52,248.
If you are taking ₹1 crore
then
you will have to pay ₹63.8.  On the other hand, if
we talk about Elvet, then for ₹25 lakh, for the same
slab, same zone,
you will have to pay a premium of ₹343,
for ₹50 lakh, you will have to pay around ₹41260 and
for ₹1 crore,
you will have to pay ₹47611 and last but not the least, for
Tata EIG Medical Select, you will have to
pay ₹2618 for ₹25 lakh.  ₹31496 for ₹50 lakh
and ₹38438 for ₹1 crore.
So this is their price.  If you believe my personal
opinion, all four products are different in themselves.
Depends on
where your medical eligibility fits in.
But if you want to know my opinion, then there are
two-three things which
if you pick up specifically in the product, then
if I
talk about Elevate first of all, then the condition there regarding
material change
seems to me a problem from a long term
point of view.  So I am a little
concerned there.  If I talk about
Care Ultimate, there is some concern about the care company because
claims are becoming a
bit more problematic.
So
if we look at the service point of view angle, it is
causing the problem somewhere.  And if you
look at the price, it is for the lowest care.  Ok
?  Thirdly, if we talk about ivba Aspire,
then Aspire is a flexible product in itself.
But Neevapa Aspire
is a better option for those who are
newly married and want to cover their maternity very
soon.  So from those points
of view this product is quite feasible.
But cost yes, you will have to pay at least 25 to 30%
more than others.  And the
fourth thing which is last is Med Select from Tata AIG.
So the price
is very balanced in it.  The terms and conditions of the company are
very positive.  But the weak part in this product is
post
hospitalization which is 90 days.  Which the
company should have done for at least 180 days.
What is better in your opinion?  What is missing?
So please do let us know by commenting in the comment section.
And I would recommend that you
definitely watch the individual product reviews of all four products on our channel so that you can
get in-depth knowledge of the products.
What is its negative positive waiting period
?  What is Permanent Exclusions?
How flexible is the company?
How is the company's solvency claim settlement?  Be able to
understand each and every thing.  See you very soon
with a new video, with new knowledge.  Till then
stay in shape and stay informed.